Hey, good morning, family. How y'all been
doing? I'm going to go over a word
that I gave 10 months ago.
It was on one of the big prophecy
channels, and they were talking about it,
questioning
whether
it
was
really a real visit or a
vision from the Lord.
Rightfully so, there's a lot of
flaky stuff on YouTube, but I'm going
to tell you this: it's genuine, it's real,
and the Spirit of the Lord spoke to me
just like He does many times.
I honestly
don't even watch
these channels that talk about
this stuff because
I'm very sensitive to the
Spirit of God, and there are a lot of
false prophets out there. Whenever I
hear it, immediately I know if that is
not the Lord or if it
is the Lord.
If I get a mixed bag on that channel, I
don't go back to it. I'm just
saying. People ask who it
is, but
that's between you and God.
I'm not going to tell you who I believe
is a false prophet on YouTube;
that's just not
what we're going to do. What I
want to tell you is
that
after taking time to
pray over this—it's been about
11 months since I gave
this
word—I
asked
the Lord what He showed me
about the big asteroid. I
believe that Tom Horn gave that
word before he went home to be with the
Lord about Apophis, which I believe is Wormwood.
It talks about it in the Book
of Revelation, that there will be a
massive asteroid that hits the Earth. I
believe that what the Lord
showed me was this massive asteroid that
is scheduled to hit in
2029. It's supposed to hit the planet
Earth and it's going to be
huge; supposedly,
NASA has even talked about it
being
ginormous. I
want to go
over again what the Lord
showed me. I was standing outside
praying,
and
I had
an open-eyed vision. When this
happened, it was
so real that
I could actually hear it
at the same time I
was seeing
in the spirit this massive event.
I was
standing by a carport and all of a
sudden, this massive asteroid came. It was so
fast and so loud it deafened your
ears because the sonic boom was so
powerful.
It was the size
of a major building, a
humongous rock. It came
out of the sky and shook
everything, breaking the windows of all the
houses.
It was moving so fast
you could barely see
it—like
a fireball with a humongous
fire trail behind it.
It was
shaking your whole entire being as it
came
in from
the West to
the East.
When
it came
in, it crashed out by San Juan, Puerto
Rico. The
United States government was trying to
shoot this massive asteroid down, but because
it was moving so quickly, they could not hit
it
with a rocket.
They tried to
hit it with a massive green laser
beam.
In the spirit, I could see this beam
come
out of the Alabama-New Orleans area.
I don't know if there's a massive
laser beam like that down by the
Gulf
area, but the beam shot across America.
Whenever
it
hit
over
the
Tennessee-Kentucky
area, they hit it with
that laser.
It cut it in half, but it didn't destroy
it;
it
split into three pieces.
Those
pieces hit the Earth, and while I don't
remember where they all hit, the major
part of that rock hit by San Juan, Puerto
Rico. The
impact was so
massive it sent a humongous tidal wave.
I
tried
to give an estimate
last time, saying it
was several hundred feet high, but it
was much
more than that.
It covered all the
islands, including the Bahamas.
There was a massive tsunami wave that
came up out of the ocean at the speed
of sound. It was
so fast
that people did not have time
to evacuate. I saw the
water covering all the islands:
St. Martin, St. Thomas, San
Juan,
Haiti,
Cuba—all
were
completely saturated
and wiped out.
If you weren't
high in the mountains,
you
were
destroyed. The
wave came into
Florida, hitting Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and the
whole Atlantic
coast.
This massive tsunami came
miles inland,
wiping
out major
hotels and houses on
the Atlantic
seaboard.
It went all the way up to Cape
Hatteras
Island in North Carolina.
Part of
the tsunami went clear into Africa and
Europe, wiping out places in
England.
It was moving
so
quickly that people didn't have time to
evacuate and
were caught up in the water.
This was a
very powerful experience.
I believe this is Wormwood;
I really believe this is
Apophis.
A lot of people say
that it is
supposed to miss the Earth in 2029,
but
I believe we're going to
have a direct impact soon.
Whether
the Rapture of the church has
taken
place first or
this is part of it, I don't know.
I'm not a Bible scholar; I
just pray and
the Lord shows me things to
warn people that Jesus is coming.
These are the
signs of the times. We are in the
last of the last days.
We
are
getting so close to the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ. This was an
actual thing that
the Lord showed me
in prayer.
If
you hear the voice
of the Lord telling you to move
out of a certain area, you need to listen
to Him. We are going to experience things
we've never thought we would see
in the coming days.
I believe Jesus is coming sooner
than many think, but nobody knows the
day or the hour.
Have an expectation inside of
you for His coming.
Be
excited
and
have a sense of urgency,
like Noah was
when
he was building the ark.
As in the days of Noah, so
will it be when the Son of Man returns.
Only
eight people entered the ark
then;
people
were
not
expecting the
flood.
Today, people
are not expecting Jesus to come back.
Their hearts have become
hardened
and
they
seek
fleshly things. They
have an appearance of
godliness but deny the power
thereof. Many have itching ears.
Even in the body of Christ,
the church hasn't preached the truth
of
holiness
and repentance. They've
fallen away into a
seeker-friendly gospel—milky words
with a little
porridge.
The body of Christ in
those churches is anemic
and
starving spiritually.
I'm telling you, Jesus is coming
soon. I hope you're watching
for Him and your heart is ready.
We're going to
see signs in the heavens,
and this is a
major sign prophesied
in the Bible.
Father, I thank You for every
person
watching,
excited about the coming of
Your Son. Thank You, Lord,
that
Jesus
died for us and
rose again
so
that we don't have to
go to a devil's hell.
We have an expectation of
Your Son's soon return.
We are looking for You daily, keeping
our lamps full of oil.
I know there will be a lot of lives
lost as the Book of Revelation
tells us, but I
thank You that You said You didn't
want any to perish.
I thank
You that people are repenting
and coming
closer to You today.
If
we're here when Apophis hits, I thank
You, Lord, that believers will hear
Your voice
and You
will
quicken
their spirits to get out
quickly.
We give
You all the glory, honor, and praise.
In the
mighty name of Jesus,
amen.